Add Pull Request Guidelines to documentation. (#539)
j5api/j5: docs/development/submitting-changes.rst

Submitting Changes
==================

This page details how to make and submit changes to the `j5` codebase.

Repositories
------------

The main repository for `j5` is available on GitHub_, and Pull Requests should be submitted there.

There is an additional repository available on GitLab_, although this is a mirror of the GitHub repo, and changes
should not be submitted there.

.. _GitHub: https://github.com/j5api/j5
.. _GitLab: https://gitlab.com/j5api/j5

Publishing Changes
------------------

> The first step to submit changes is to publish them so that other contributors can review and give feedback.

Reviewer: Should we encourage that substantial changes are discussed in an issue prior to a PR being raised? It could save someone a lot of effort if we turn around and say we don't really want the feature they implemented.

Author: Yeah, definitely. Most major changes already are, so we should get that written down.

Author: 0890331

The mechanism to publish your changes depends on whether you have write access to the repository. Write access
is granted by the Steering Council to recurrent, or trusted contributors.

> * Contributors with write access should publish a branch on the repository.

Reviewer: Would it be better to have everyone follow the same (less privileged) workflow? This could help us surface issues in things like CI that may not appear until someone outside the organisation try to contribute which would impeded us merging in there changes without some potentially unnecessary back and forth.

Author: I'm uncertain on this one. I was trying to document the current process that we vaguely follow.

I can see the merits to this definitely.

Author: So, I've been thinking about this a bit and have decided that I agree with you.

However, I am not confident that the less-privileged workflow actually works, so we should ensure it does before changing to it entirely.

Author: I have broken this out into #571, so that we can get these guidelines up explaining our current workflow. I'll get to checking the CI works for that later today :)

* Contributors without write access should publish as a branch on a fork of the repository.

Pull Requests
-------------

The next stage is to submit a pull request (PR) to the GitHub repository. The PR will be used to give feedback on,
and discuss the changes with the contributor.

When making your PR, consider the following:

> * Why do you want to make these changes?

Reviewer: Meta: Should we make a GitHub PR template that has these questions ready to be answered?

Author: Yes, will add later as part of this PR.

Author: ad31a43

* Which parts of the codebase do your changes affect?
* Have you updated the relevant documentation?

> * Are your changes breaking to the external API?

Reviewer: Could we do something similar to the [node repo](https://github.com/nodejs/node/labels?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=semver) and add  `semver-patch`, `semver-minor`, and `semver-major` labels?

Author: I like this idea.

Author: e94ca71

In many cases, changes should be discussed on an issue prior to beginning work on them, particularly where the changes
make a breaking change to external APIs or are otherwise significant.

At the discussion stage, other contributors can give early feedback on the idea and suggest ways to implement it.

Publishing Changes
------------------

The first step to submit changes is to publish them so that other contributors can review and give feedback.

The mechanism to publish your changes depends on whether you have write access to the repository. Write access
is granted by the Steering Council to recurrent, or trusted contributors.

* Contributors with write access should publish a branch on the repository.
* Contributors without write access should publish as a branch on a fork of the repository.

Pull Requests
-------------

The next stage is to submit a pull request (PR) to the GitHub repository. The PR will be used to give feedback on,
and discuss the changes with the contributor.

When making your PR, consider the following:

* Why do you want to make these changes?
* Which parts of the codebase do your changes affect?
* Have you updated the relevant documentation?

> * Do your changes break the external API? Add ``semver-major``, ``semver-minor`` and ``semver-patch`` labels appropriately.

Reviewer: Similar suggestion to above
```suggestion
* Do your changes break the external API? Add the ``semver-major``, ``semver-minor`` or ``semver-patch`` label as appropriate.
```
